---
page_title: "Resource vy_app_client - vy"
subcategory: "Shared Cognito"
description: |-
  App clients are the user pool authentication resources attached to your app. Use an app client to configure the permitted authentication actions towards a resource server.
---

# Resource: vy_app_client

App clients are the user pool authentication resources attached to your app. Use an app client to configure the permitted authentication actions towards a resource server.

## Backend App Client Usage
When setting the type to `backend` for machine to machine (M2M) authentication,
you set up OAuth 2.0 grant type: `client credentials`.

> Client Credentials specifies that the client should get the access token from the token endpoint using a combination of client and client_secret.

```terraform
resource "vy_app_client" "backend_application" {
  name = "infrademo-backend.vydev.io"
  type = "backend"

  scopes = [
	"https://infrademo.vydev.io/demo/read"  # Refers to the resource server defined above
  ]
}
```

## Frontend App Client Usage
If you want to user authenticate with the shared Cognito user pool, you define an app client of type `frontend`.
This will set up a OAuth 2.0 grant type of: `authorization code grant` or `implicit grant`.

> Authorization Code Grant: provides an authorization code as the response. This is more secure than the implicit grant.

>Implicit Grant: specifies that the client should get the access token (and, optionally, ID token, based on scopes) directly. Usually used for Single-Page Applications (SPA) or mobile apps.

To whitelist urls for OAuth2 Authorization Code Flow, you can use `callback_urls` and `logout_urls` parameters.

```terraform
data "aws_caller_identity" "current" {}

resource "vy_app_client" "client" {
  name = "${data.aws_caller_identity.current.account_id}-infrademo"
  type = "frontend"

  callback_urls   = [
	"http://localhost:3000/auth/callback",
	"https://petstore.infrademo.vydev.io/auth/callback",  # Example
  ]
  logout_urls = [
	"http://localhost:3000/logout",
	"https://petstore.infrademo.vydev.io/logout",  # Example
  ]

  scopes = [
	"email",
	"openid",
	"profile",
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of this app client
- `type` (String) The use-case for this app client. Used to automatically add OAuth options. Must be either `frontend` or `backend`.

### Optional

- `callback_urls` (List of String) Callback URLs to use. Used together with `type` set to `frontend`.
- `generate_secret` (Boolean) Should a secret be generated? Automatically set by `type`, but you're able to override it with this option.
- `logout_urls` (List of String) Logout URLs to use. Used together with `type` set to `frontend`.
- `scopes` (Set of String) Scopes that this client has access to

### Read-Only

- `client_id` (String) The ID used for your client to authenticate itself.
- `client_secret` (String) A secret used for your client to authenticate itself. Only populated when using the `backend` type.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# App clients can be imported using their name
terraform import vy_app_client.backend_application "app_client_name"
```
